Notes on use (incomplete), more detailed instructions to be added.

Running
-------

It is possible to run multiple separate instances by running gui.py multiple times.


Loading files
-------------

Load files and attempt to determine file automatically using "Load files". Load plain text simple tabular data using "Load files (gen.)" and give the required parameters.


Image files
-----------

After loading image files, show gallery by "Plot". Click thumbnail to show full image. Click on image to place measurement lines.


Configuration
-------------

All configuration is defined in the .cfg files (standard ini-format). Edit with a text editor. Note: converter configurations are not updated until reloading the files.

Options that can be toggled are generally "ON" or "OFF".

Do not use quotation marks around strings (such as file paths, for example).


Adding converters
-----------------

Create .py and .cfg files with the same name under "converters" directory. See "tabular.py" and "tabular.cfg" for a template.

In the .cfg file, add PATH-STRING under GENERAL section to create a pattern for automatically detecting the converter from file path. "*" is any character any amount of times, "?" is any character once. Separate multiple path strings by ";".


Plotting
--------

If all legends (size and shape) are not visible, adjust the window size by dragging and plot size using the "Configure subplots" button on the figure window.


Plot customizer
---------------

Separate options using ";" (for example X_RANGE = 0.0;1,0).
To toggle options, use "ON" or "OFF".

Select saved options using button below "Exit".

"Customize" applies customizations to current figure (change figure from the main gui window).

"Save" saves figure to path defined in config using a timestamped filename.


XRD analysis
------------

max_int_sp = intensity of side peak with max. intensity
x_arcsec_max_int = arcsec value of max intensity
integ = integrated
lin = from linearized intensity data (10-base log of measured intensity)

Define lattice constants for the compressive and tensile materials in config.


Gradient analysis
-----------------
FR = flux ratio (flux 2 / flux 1) (define options in gradients.cfg). Determined by "x" coordinate extracted from measurement data.



XRD fitting
-----------

Run "fit xrd" to run fit for all selected measurements. Make sure PATH_RECORDS_FIT is defined in path config to save results.

To view fitted curves / analysis, reload the files or if necessary restart gui.

Ranges for iterating parameters within fit steps are defined in the fit_xrd method of the fit_xrd module.

Multiprocessing is not yet implemented. However, different set of measurements can be fitted simultaneously by running multiple instances of gui.py


Filename processing
-------------------

Sample parameters for listing and for use in converters are parsed from filenames by the "calc_sample_params.py" module. Add new parameters to the relevant section.
